dozens of Palestinians have been killed
in Israeli strikes on Khan Unice in the
past few days the AL balad area of
gaza's second largest city has seen
sustained
attacks Naser Hospital the largest
remaining functional medical facility in
Gaza is packed with the dead and wounded
in central Gaza near the elifa hospital
more Israeli
bombardment in Gaza a young boy points
to where he says he's buried his
father we have no water no food who is
going to look after us why do we have to
go through War this is where my father
is buried these are their graves here in
the school this is my father and
cousin's grave my cousin was only 10
years
old the streets of Shaya a neighborhood
of Gaza City resemble a
wasteland no building is Untouched by
the wall each day brings with it a
search for more bodies friends and
family of the Dead Walk long distances
to bury them any attempt to move to
different parts of Gaza can cost you
your
life we have been through every hardship
you could ever imagine any person who
dares to leave the shelter or try to go
back to his home is fired on by the
Israeli soldiers any moving person is a
target the Israelis I risk my life just
to reach the hospital to see my
relatives further north in
jabalia the Palestine red Cresent
Society does what it can for victims of
Israeli
shelling for more than a week people
have struggled to get a signal on their
phones the people behind me came to
check on their friends family and loved
ones because there is no possibility of
communication between the areas of the
Gaza Strip you cannot reach from to to
we are facing great difficulties many
head for the beach to try their luck
raising phones high they anxiously await
news any news from their loved ones Mich
Apple Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz